authentication.md: improve description of anonymous API requests (#38009)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication.md

stored as `Secrets`, which are mounted into pods allowing in-cluster processes
to talk to the Kubernetes API.

> API requests not tied to either a normal user or a service account are treated

Reviewer: The gist of what we are trying to convey is that any unauthenticated API requests will be treated as anonymous and they need to be tied to either a normal user presenting a valid certificate signed by the K8s cluster CA/a service account. IMO, I don't think either of the sentences are correct because if a normal user doesn't present a certificate issued by the cluster to the K8s API, the associated request will be treated as an anonymous one. 

WDYT of the suggestion below? 

```suggestion
API requests not tied to a normal user with a valid certificate issued by the cluster's certificate authority or a service account are treated
```

Author: Thanks for the correction.
Is the extra detail about how the client certificate is being verified really critical in this part of the text?
I'm asking as a newcomer who reads this text for the first time - how much is this extra detail important vs the extra complexity of the information?
If you accept what I say, then perhaps:
```suggestion
API requests not tied to either an authenticated normal user or a service account are treated
```

Reviewer 2: > API requests not tied to either an authenticated normal user or a service account are treated

This is a bit tautological. Tying a request to a user _is_ authentication.

Reviewer 2: Also remember that Kubernetes supports either certificate-based authentication (“mutual TLS”), or token based authentication ([TokenReview](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/authentication-resources/token-review-v1/)).

Author: > Tying a request to a user is authentication.

I got you.
As a relative newcomer to this depth of K8s knowledge, this terminology was confusing because I wasn't familiar with the definition of "tying". Could it be phrased in a way that's less jargon-dependent?

Reviewer 2: This isn't jargon. However, we could use different language that is more accessible for people who don't read English as a first language.
